what's going on guys it's not your
friendly neighborhood all zaheer squid
GTV its squeegees friend in real life J
break here and today what we have for
you is the new my GM mode which will be
coming out as a new series on this
channel since the old my GM mode which
was the Golden State Warriors one got
corrupted to a dump so we're gonna have
to bring out a new one here those are
the settings that you just saw and the
team that will be choosing is the
Cleveland Cavaliers now his Fuji for the
rest of the commentary
thank you very much Jay Brack for that
great introduction as you see this is
what basically what the owner wants for
me he wants like a six-man all this kind
of bull dump and apparently he wants us
to make the playoffs at that point I was
not too certain on whether I would make
the playoffs but as you can see I am
making a few trades here I'm gonna trade
our first round pick CJ Miles for the
magics first round pick and that's best
luck swapping picks which the magic have
no idea how good we're gonna be after
the trades I make alright guys so then
in this trade I'm gonna try the way
Alonzo Gee in our 2014 second-round pick
for the Hawks first-round pick and
Damari Carroll there's a garbage player
out there which you'll use in a trade
for later so we do end up going to the
GM and calling him up and you see we
will be accepting this trade really good
trade for both teams right there as in
2015 we will be basically a contender
that's what I'm hoping as you can see I
do end up trading Andrew Bynum for Eric
Gordon blockbuster trade right there
really great trade for both teams the
pelicans need a center really bad for
play download with Anthony gave this and
that's how we do it so right here Eric
Gordon the friends are so happy with the
play of Eric Gordon of us to get name as
you see we will make him a really good
starter which tells they're like a thing
or two make it like dump and star player
so that's really what he is though you
see I'm gonna be trading away a
disgruntled dion Waiters to the Denver
Nuggets Frugal senchan life playing a
massive role at small forward for us and
we do actually pick up a first-round
pick for that as well from the Nuggets
but I see another disgruntled player
here in Cleveland is Tristan Thompson
and we will trade him away to the
Milwaukee Bucks for their first-round
pick of this amazing draft for this year
hopefully it'll be around a top seven
top five pick that would be ideal for us
they see as we do jump into the next
trade we're gonna be picking up Tim
Hardaway jr. and trade might Tyler
Zeller and the pick from the Nuggets you
know the Nuggets they're gonna have like
a dumpin 25th to 13th because how good
they are but still there you go but
actually here are the rotations final
rotations if you were wondering just
pause it go check that out if you are
interested but guys thank you so much
for watching I'm gonna hand the outro
out to Jay Brack
I hope you guys enjoyed this video and
as soon as this video hits 20 likes
squid you will be uploading the next
part ASAP here's a little teaser for the
next episode coming out against the
Brooklyn Nets j-roc and squid Jeanette
is signing out
cheers
to tie it up